I played in the NBA serious level
have long enough
for 13 years
so
no sense of novelty
no
so what
incredible supernatural
Did not happen
and all the more so as I showed earlier
the results are bigger the biggest
the result which is about the show
last year 303 and a half kilograms
so every victory is pleasant every victory
down below
wonderful and
and especially
but here are the prices
happened what was supposed to happen
but it was directly planned
two week difference
although in Yekaterinburg another in Kiev
I won
no wonder
where awareness came
over the years gradually
until last year's desire to enter
desired to overcome yourself
take up sales
there are first places
but
reassessment of constitutionality
this elbow feeling happened 28 29 years
someone went to school and not because these
three body medals
and here each of my life happens such
moment when
I want to change something
I was 28 years old decided to change
then what did i do little
moment
quit job line began to engage
and for some reason I was sure that I had everything
will turn out
although carriage is calm
and
when I shared with people by name but
desire your dream
ghana will be engaged and perform at the very
high level elderly lying
then of course they did not get another
did not find
all signal late
the goal in the area will not work
learn and engage overcome yourself this
nicely
oddly enough to see
in each of us
in each of us sits
square this is this desire
yes overcome yourself and get better
this
we are with them incomparable
pleasure
when you understand that you coped with
Your own opinion
new complexes overcame themselves and
came out but as usual
the bar broke the bar
reached a certain point
so when to ask
is it hard
it's nice
no, I didn't like it until the last
well then it was
it has become more loyal to this
refer to 2
first time came the average cost
she was shown on TV
she already understood that seriously
so how to sell currency
perceived as for fun
passion Kokoity they say
and this is when I started to study
it never occurred to anyone that
you can make money on it
tons what nato
in uglich can't like that
in life and help
no one thought
and now they are already doing it.
This half of the world traveled thanks
the fact that doing sports
3 n
everything is good and in the right direction
moving
so now the family got used
they are already gone by me
nothing but
we catering
was such a special age now
percent
comes first in summer
health home
no waltz give in and enjoy
train
she likes to drive around cities
seminars
who to communicate with people on the Internet
removed everything related to my
favorite sport
and now to the nearest center and generally on
perspective
for my part continue the war
do what you love
everything is very simple